README.md, before:

## Jazz

Jazz a lightweight modular data processing framework, including a web server. It provides data persistence and computation capabilities accessible from R and Python and also through a REST API. 


## History and Objectives

Jazz started as a research project on fast data processing servers led by Santiago Basaldúa at [BBVA Data & Analytics](https://www.bbvadata.com/) that evolved into an analytical web server. In December 2017 the source code of the server and the R client was released under an Apache 2.0 license.

Today, the aim of the project is to pivot the original design into a lightweight server-independent framework.


## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to Roberto Maestre and Israel Herraiz who have been discussing the idea giving valuable feedback since the beginning, the members of the BBVA Software Engineering Core, especially Manuel Valdés and César de Pablo, for their feedback, the BBVA Data and Open Innovation Platforms team, especially Óscar Tomás and Ángel Puerto, for the hardware and their feedback, Jose Antonio Rodriguez who organized the initial presentation to the UI team, as well as BBVA labs for their feedback and help with the OSS release.


## Next Steps

  - Jazz version 0.2.1 is expected for april 2018.
  - This repository is where it will happen. Stay Tuned.
  
## Version 0.1.7 (The released sources)

  - [server](https://github.com/bbvadata/jazz-server)
  - [R client](https://github.com/bbvadata/jazz-client)

Commit message:

Updates the README.md with the modules diagram

README.md, after:

## Jazz

Jazz is a lightweight modular data processing framework, including a web server. It provides data persistence and computation capabilities accessible from R and Python and also through a REST API. 


## Jazz modules diagram

![Jazz modules](_config_/jazz_modules.png)


## History and Objectives

Jazz started as a research project on fast data processing servers led by Santiago Basaldúa at [BBVA Data & Analytics](https://www.bbvadata.com/) that evolved into an analytical web server. In December 2017 the source code of the server and the R client was released under an Apache 2.0 license.

Today, the aim of the project is to pivot the original design into a lightweight server-independent framework.


## Acknowledgments

Special thanks to Roberto Maestre and Israel Herraiz who have been discussing the idea giving valuable feedback since the beginning, the members of the BBVA Software Engineering Core, especially Manuel Valdés and César de Pablo, for their feedback, the BBVA Data and Open Innovation Platforms team, especially Óscar Tomás and Ángel Puerto, for the hardware and their feedback, Jose Antonio Rodriguez who organized the initial presentation to the UI team, as well as BBVA labs for their feedback and help with the OSS release.


## Next Steps

  - Jazz version 0.3.1 is expected for the end of april 2018.
  - This repository is where it will happen. Stay Tuned.
  
## Version 0.1.7 (The released sources)

  - [server](https://github.com/bbvadata/jazz-server)
  - [R client](https://github.com/bbvadata/jazz-client)
